Update README.md (#298)
loki-project/loki: README.md

## Information

> Loki is a privacy cryptocurrency based on Monero. Loki currently offers an incentivised full node layer and over the coming months we look to support a secondary p2p network that offers private communications based on the Signal protocol.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Loki is a private cryptocurrency based on Monero. Loki currently offers an incentivised full node layer, over the coming months we will be looking to support a secondary p2p network (Lokinet) and a messenger that offers private communications based on the Signal protocol (Loki Messenger).
```
